Website
Reference Guide
The main menu is divided into 6 main sections (seen below)
This document will address these 6 sections in the order they appear.

To begin, log into the site here.

Login Page

Home

Status Page - Load Manager - City Data - Reports - Certified Reports - History

1

Status Page

The city’s (or city cycle) information, status and Read downloads are posted
in the left hand column.
When a Cycle is Complete, the bottom box will contain link to allow the user
to Prepare for a New Read Cycle and upload a new file.

The top right section deals with Meter Read Management. (covered in the
Meter Review Section) The Meter Lookup field allows a user to look up a
meter based on ID, Address, or Account number.
The bottom section contains any available Quick Reference Guides and
Sales and Support Contact Info.

2

Meter Review

The Meter Review page allows users to Approve or Reject meter exceptions
based on the data collected. The user can compare:
Read vs. Photo of read
GPS vs. Actuall address location
Along with reviewing Note, Comments, Usage, etc..

If all the Meter Read Data matches, or is otherwise acceptable, the user
simply clicks “Approve” and the meter exception is accepted and moves to
the appropriate report.
If the Read Data is unacceptable the Read can be Rejected by clicking
“Reread”. This will mark this meter as a Recheck, to be reviewed in the field.
3

Load Manager

The Load Manager allows a user to assign Routes to any available
reader in the list.
Load Manager also has the ability to “Split” routes temporarily.
To split a route between multiple readers, simply select the reader, and check
the “Split” box. Then select the next reader, and check the same split box.
This route is now temporarily split between these two readers.

Select the reader.
Select the route.
The readers and their assigned routes show up in the list.
Loads are saved Automatically.

Loads are saved Automatically.
4

City Data Page
(Complete / Prepare New Cycle)

Once the city status is “Complete” (or you are starting a new city), the city must be “Prepared for New Read Cycle”.
Once the city is “Prepare for New Read Cycle”, the screen will display an file upload dialog. (see page 6)
These options will also apear on the bottom left of the Status page.

5

City Data Page
(Cycle in Read Pending Status)

New file upload dialog.

City Data Page
(After Cycle file is uploaded)

After uploading a new cycle file (or custfile), the results of the upload will look similar to the above.

6

City Data Page
(Cycle in Active Status)

When the city is in the Active Status, the Data screen will only allow the user access to the Load Manager.

City Data Page
(Cycle in Ready to Download status)

Once the city reads are complete and the city status is “Ready for Download”,
the Data screen will allow a download of the city reads.

Do so by clicking “Download City Name Reads”.

7

Reports Page

The Reports page has 3 areas:

The General Reports (Informational)
The Current Read Cycle Reports (Editable data)
The Readers Reports (Containing information on Readers)

8

Certified Reports

The Certified Reports page contains:

The Certified Exceptions reports (Negative, Zero, Low, High, etc..)
City Certified Reports (shows meters that were certified by the city)
Certified Photo Data
And a Certified Certificate Lookup. (this allows a user to print a certificate showing certified info
about a specific meter)

9

History Page

The History page allows a user to select a cycle and run reports on the meters within that cycle.

10

